---
layout: post
title:  "Curriculum Vitae"
date:   2018-05-29
tag:
comments: false
---
<center><b>Elizabeth B. Smedley</b></center>
<center><b>email: Elizabeth[dot]B[dot]Smedley[dot]gr[at]dartmouth[dot]edu</b></center>

## Education

### 2015 - Present 
  **PhD**, Graduate Student, Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH 
  
  Advisor: Kyle Smith 
  
  Research Aim: Study motivation, pleasure, learning and habits using a variety of methods including chemogenetics, optogenetics, electrophysiology and immunohistochemistry


### 2011 - 2015 
  **B.S.**, Neuroscience, University of New Hampshire. Durham, NH
  
  Advisor: Robert Mair and Brett Gibson
  
  Research Aim: Studied thalamo-cortical connections using single unit electrophysiological recordings during a flexible goal-oriented task


## Publications
  Doucette, **Smedley**, Ruiz-Jaquez, Khokhar, Smith. [preprint]. Chronic Chemogenetic Manipulation of Ventral Pallidum Targeted Neurons in Rats Fed an Obesogenic Diet. In resubmission at European Journal of Neuroscience.  

  **Smedley**, DiLeo, Smith. [preprint]. Circuit directionality for motivation: lateral accumbens-pallidum, but not pallidum-accumbens, connections regulate motivational attraction to reward cues. In resubmission at Neurobiology of Learning and Memory.  

  Nehrbas, **Smedley**, Smith. [preprint]. Explorations with Conditioned Stimuli in Autoshaping Procedures. Currently available on BioRxiv. 

  **Smedley**, Smith (2018). Evidence for a shared representation of sequential cues that engage sign-tracking. Behavioural Processes. 

  **Smedley**, Smith (2018). Evidence for structure and persistence in motivational attraction to serial Pavlovian cues. Learning & Memory 25: 78-89.
  
  Chang, **Smedley**, Stansfield, Stott, and Smith (2017). Optogenetic inhibition of ventral pallidum neurons impairs prospective sodium-seeking. Journal of Neuroscience 37: 5670-5680.


## Professional Experience
  2019 - Teaching Assistant, Psych 65: Systems Neuroscience with Laboratory with Dr. Kyle Smith, Dartmouth College
  
  2018 - Teaching Assistant, Psych 6: Introduction to Neuroscience with Dr. David Bucci, Dartmouth College
  
  2017 - Teaching Assistant, Psych 65: Systems Neuroscience with Laboratory with Dr. Jeff Taube, Dartmouth College
  
  2016 - Teaching Assistant, Psych 65: Systems Neuroscience with Laboratory with Dr. Robert Maue, Dartmouth College
  
  2013 - 2015 Undergraduate Research Assistant (Volunteer) with Dr. Robert Mair, University of New Hampshire
  
  2014 - Research Assistant (Summer Internship) with Mair/Gibson Electrophysiology Laboratory, University of New Hampshire             	
  
  2014 - Teaching Assistant, Psych 531: Psychobiology with Dr. Kristen Onos & Dr. Benjamin Wormwood, University of New Hampshire             


## Conference Abstracts & Posters

  **Smedley**, E.B., Kyle, K.S. (2018). Evidence for structure and persistence in motivational attraction to serial Pavlovian cues. Dartmouth Neuroscience Day. Dartmouth College. Hanover, NH.
  
  Miller, R.L, **Smedley, E.B.**, Francoeur, M.J., Wormwood, B.A., Chase, D.C., Minukhin, D., Theriault, C.J., Gibson, B.M., and Mair, R.G. (2015). More than just a relay: The role of medial thalamus in flexible, goal-directed behavior. Society for Neuroscience, 45th Annual Meeting. Chicago, IL.
  
  **Smedley**, E.B., Miller, R.L., Mair, F.G., Gibson, B.M. (2015). Encoding of information about action and outcomes by medial thalamus in the rat. Undergraduate Research Conference, 16th Annual Meeting. University of New Hampshire. Durham, NH.
  
  Miller, R.L, Onos, K.D., Francoeur, M.J., Wormwood, B.A., **Smedley, E.B.**, Theriault, C.J., Ryder, E.E., Gibson, B.M., and Mair, R.G. (2014). Encoding of information about action and context by medial thalamus in the rat: Comparisons to prefrontal cortex. Society for Neuroscience, 44th Annual Meeting. Washington, D.C.
  
  Ryder, E.E., **Smedley, E.B.**, Miller, R.L., Gibson, B.M., and Mair, R.G. (2014). Memory coding properites of central thalamus. Undergraduate Research Conference, 15th Annual Meeting. University of New Hampshire. Durham, NH.
  
  Ryder, E.E., **Smedley, E.B.**, Miller, R.L., Gibson, B.M., and Mair, R.G. (2014). Memory coding properites of central thalamus. (Statewide Psychology Academic Convention), New Hampshire Psychological Association, 6th Annual Meeting 


## Invited Talks
  2019 - Lectured for Systems Neuroscience with Laboratory, "Pathways of the Visual System", Dartmouth
  
  2018 - Lectured for Introduction to Neuroscience, "Motivation", Dartmouth
  
  2017 - Presented for Behavioral Neuroscience Brown Bag Meeting, "Evidence for structure and persistence in motivational attraction to serial Pavlovian cues", Dartmouth
  
  2017 - Lectured for Systems Neuroscience with Laboratory, "Limbic System", Dartmouth
  
  2017 - Presented for Graduate Research Roundtable, “DREADDs: The function of chemogenetics and their use in behavioral neuroscience”, Dartmouth
  
  2016 - Presented for Behavioral Neuroscience Brown Bag Meeting, "Pathway specificity for motivation: chemogenetic dissection of nucleus accumbens and ventral palladium circuits", Dartmouth
  
  2016 - Presented to The Family Place, "Mythbusters: Questions and conversation about the brain", Dartmouth
  
  2016 - Presented for Behavioral Neuroscience Brown Bag Meeting, "Thalamic amnesia and thalamocortical contributions in delayed conditional discrimination", Dartmouth


## Outreach and Volunteer

  2018 - B.I.A.S. @ Dartmouth, (Building Inclusivity to Advance Science) - Committee and Founding Member
  
  2018 - Bio Behavioral Brown Bag Speaker - Coordinator
  
  2017 - New Hampshire chapter of the National Association of the Academies of Science (NHAS), American Junior Academy of Science (AJAS) - Reviewer 
  
  2017 - Upper Valley Brain Bee – Volunteer
  
  2016 - New Hampshire Brain Bee High School Student Visit - Host

## Awards and Honors

  2018 - AI Grant, aigrant.org
  
  2016 - Graduate Alumni Research Award, Dartmouth College
  
  2015 - Summa Cum Laude, University of New Hampshire, Durham
  
  2015 - Dean’s List, University of New Hampshire, Durham
  
  2014 - Dean’s List, University of New Hampshire, Durham
  
  2014 - Summer Research Assistant Grant, University of New Hampshire, Durham
  
  2013 - Dean’s List, University of New Hampshire, Durham (Spring and Fall Semesters)
  
  2012 - Dean’s List, University of New Hampshire, Durham (Spring and Fall Semesters)